As an admin, when I log in I am unable to see my role on the tool. ie I was not able to see if I am admin in the portal	Yogita	24th Sept	Done	
Update CMO email notification text: option A - send BOM infor to xxxx Option B review/update component information etc (with links)	Craig  	24-Sep	Working	We will send an email to CMO with the mentioned text
This might be a P2 activity but is it possible to align input fields for the component info e.g. component code-description, qty-uom neext two each other as theyb are related information etc	Craig  	25-Sep		
Is there any way to edit the CMO details after they have been created (i.e. if we need to update a SPOC)? Not able to see easily how to do that	Bradley	25-Sep	Phase 2	For now we have implemented the Add CMO page to onboard the CMO and SPocs. In Ph2 we will implement edit functionality.
Does component category group need more details in the hover text?	Bradley	25-Sep	Working	Check Craig sheet and update for information
Can component dimensions be standardised to mm?	Bradley	26-Sep	Done	
Are we sure we want to limit component validity dates to the beginning of the reporting period? If we collect data from a new CMO we would want their data as far back as 2022 if possible	Bradley	26-Sep	Working	The date field will be open to enter any date but To date will be greater or equal to from date
Component weight UoM should only have g, kg & LB as options	Bradley	26-Sep	Working	
Recycling and materials section' - Could we change to 'Recycled Content & Materials Section'?	Bradley	26-Sep	Working	
% Mechanical Post-Consumer Recycled Content (inc. Chemical)  - Can we change this to remove the (inc. Chemical) part?	Bradley	26-Sep	Working	
Component packaging type reset when trying to update a component after creating?	Bradley	26-Sep	Working	
Add to new SKU data notification a link to training material (linked to point 3)				We will discuss for the same
If you save with missing values in advanced component information there is a 'has errors' message but no reference as to which fields are missing information	Craig  	26-Sep	Working	
If I change values in advanced component information (with no gaps) I still see 'has errors' when I try to update component (screenshot in Craig sheet)	Craig  	26-Sep	Working	
Pack_material 'included as an option for Packaging Material Type - please remove (screenshot in Craig sheet)	Craig	29-Sep	Working	
Non-mandatory values that were included are no longer present if I create a new component and try to edit	Craig	29-Sep	Working	
Mandatory value (Componenet Packaging Type) that was selected  when adding the component is no longer present in a when I go back in to edit	Craig	29-Sep	Done	
Please can you share an Excel including Packaging Component (and associated packaging material for each)  so Bradley can review and finaise?	Craig	29-Sep		Sure, we are preparing that and share for review
Please share CMO data Excel export with Gaia team to ensure they can ingest with no issues as this is the short twerm solution (Yogita - I think this might already be planned?)	Craig	29-Sep	Working	
We should ony have weight UoM options in the component weight drop-down options -please can we review the list of options	Craig	29-Sep	Working	
I edited an existing component and when I saved I received a 'Failed to update component' message even though all mandatory fields are populated - it is not cleear fromte message what the issue is (image in Craig feedback)	Craig	29-Sep	Working	
I logged into the portal and received a 'changes are happening from Haleon users' message - what does this mean? As a CMO I should be able to access and edit existing components? (image in Craig feedback)	Craig	29-Sep	Working	When admin/CMO will send for approval then the screen will be block until the approval process.
"Page Frozen" form both sides, CMO as well as Admin at the same time	Kaustav	30-Sep	Done	
Page Frozen & couldnot access the system 	Shaimaa	30-Sep	Done	
Delete component feature	Marina	1-Oct	Phase 2	
